hello welcome to the Bravo hotel my name
is John bus from the Netherlands do an
internship here I'm a supervisor the
lecturers who for six months supervisor
the length your school means you are
taking care of or leading a group of 95
employees to make the pool run as a
smooth department in the hotel it's a
great experience you put everything that
you learn in the university all the
theory you put in practice here I'm
doing my internship I study tourism and
hospitality what that management
so I am visible to apply for this job
and we had a personal interview at at
our school and the visa process is to
happen through an agency and this agency
worked together with CIE the work
process was very smooth personally I
didn't really have to do anything just
provide the papers with the agency they
make sure that you get all the papers
you need to get go abroad they give you
all the support you need and it's you
your motivation that will help you bring
you to the destination you want to be my
name is Dana Barton and I'm the director
of recruitment at the Broadmoor I
believe that the students come with
energy and new knowledge that we can put
to use in our guests really love the
International Flair at the Broadmoor and
I feel like it's our responsibility to
help educate future Hotel years and this
is a great place to do it
my name is Michael Charles he was to do
I'm from the Philippines
my job is a line cook for the Penrose
room it's 535 diamond restaurant they
teach me stuff that you don't normally
drink from other kitchens pretty much
absolutely everything I need to know and
more my name is Yvette I come from
Latvia I'm working in the Broadmoor and
a lot of Springs
room service it's very important for my
experience international experience
because I also work in hotel and
restaurant business in my country it's
great because we get to work with
different people different kinds of
techniques difficult kinds of chefs and
when I get back from how we can teach
people that I work with this the things
I'd like from working here I think is a
furnace agent
here at the Broadmoor that can really
help my professional development if I go
back home and I want to work in
hospitality that is going to be a really
impressive point of my resume my
experience here too brought more will
definitely support my own professional
career or received a lot of positive
feedback and all that feedback and
experience will give me give me a great
confidence to be successful in the
future